Update setup.md (#1096)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/tutorials/create-your-first-substrate-chain/setup.md

> **You should start building the node template _before_ moving on!**
>

> > The time required for the compilation step depends on the hardware and the network speed(used for downloading the packages) you're using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The time required for the compilation step depends somewhat on network bandwidth,
> but far more on the CPU number and speed and the you're using.
```
